hello everyone this is mr bring junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film called
radius
be ready for some spoilers ahead the
main character wakes up after surviving
a car accident
and he walks towards the road looking
for help he sees a car coming by
and tries to get a ride but the car
drives towards him almost hitting him
he walks towards the vehicle and to his
surprise the driver
appears to be dead he calls the police
right away and when they ask him for his
name
he fails to remember it's only when he
takes out his id
that he realizes his name is liam he
sees another bird dropped dead on the
car
and begins running in fear he goes to
the nearest restaurant only to see that
everyone's dead as well
with the same eyes as the driver
suspecting it may be poisoned in the air
he covers his mouth and runs away from
the building
liam finds his address using his
driver's license and ironically has to
break into his own house
while trying to seal off all the airways
to the house he sees a construction
worker outside
and tries to help him by telling him to
leave the worker walks towards liam
trying to find out what he's saying
only to drop dead right away after a few
steps
suspecting that something terrifying has
happened liam decides to experiment by
walking close to a bird on the tree
to his fear the animal drops dead right
away after liam walks close towards it
liam realizes that it was him who killed
all the people
and tries his best to avoid anyone that
comes close
he plans to hide in the shed and tape
off the windows but the police arrives
looking for him
causing him to run the officer nearly
gets killed by liam when she moves too
close
but luckily the birds are killed in
front of her causing her to retreat
right away
at night liam hears a woman knocking on
his house
she notices him and approaches the shed
trying not to kill any more people
liam screams for her to go away but
before he knows it
she's right outside the door
surprisingly still alive
apparently the woman was in the truck
with liam when the accident happened
but she lost her memories just like the
main character
still in shock about how the woman is
immune to his powers
he sees a dog walk beside him without
suffering any harm as well
they decide to go to the crash site to
look for clues about what happened
and the woman tells him to call her jane
since she doesn't remember her old name
they arrive at the site and ventures in
the bushes only to find a large circle
burned to the ground
liam thinks this is not caused by fire
as he inspects the tree branch on the
floor which appears to be
unburned he has a sudden flashback where
he sees
jane present here that night then
himself struck by lightning
he asked jane where she was standing on
that night and it appears that they both
stood on the outer edges of the circle
which approximates the radius to liam's
power he tells the theory to jiang
and admits that he was responsible for
the people who got killed
he thinks whatever happened may have
affected them both
liam assures her that whatever happened
to him is gone and he doesn't seem to be
killing anyone anymore jane freaks out
and runs away from liam towards the
street while he chases after her
she's mad that liam didn't tell her from
before as he could have killed her at
any moment
a car drives by with a woman inside who
wants to make sure if
everyone is alright jane walks away from
them in anger while the woman shows that
she's actually the police officer at the
house the other day
before she can arrest liam she falls to
her death once again
jane looks back and sees the dead woman
which freaks her out even more
causing her to run in fear liam chases
after her and promises her that she will
not
die like the others but they have to get
out of there right now
they try to use a sheep to experiment on
liam's power by telling jane to
slowly walk away the animal dies as
expected after she exits the radius
liam wants to go to the hospital to
figure out what is going on
but jane tells him that no one will
believe what he says
plus she already had a skin which showed
no abnormality
they agreed that they will only tell the
doctor that liam has lost his memory in
order to get
a ct scan on the brain they managed to
get the ct scan done
but the police soon arrived at the
hospital looking for liam
after the police officer died trying to
arrest him
liam pushes the doctor for the results
but he says that everything looked
normal
they get spotted by the police and runs
for the elevator
jane gets distracted by a missing
person's poster remembering that she
used to have them as well
before she realizes liam gets locked in
the elevator with other patients
while jane rushes downstairs chasing the
elevator
luckily they make it out of the hospital
together relieved that no one was killed
they're forced to spend the night in the
car as they have nowhere else to go
liam sees more images of jane in his
streams recalling previous memories
jane overhears her name and her
husband's name on the radio
and tries to convince liam to meet up
with her husband
liam hesitates not wanting to kill any
more people but jane persuades him to go
saying that she needs his support they
arrive at her house and sees her husband
sam who's very worried about her as she
was missing for a very long time
although he's clearly not very happy
seeing another man in the car with his
wife
they tried to explain what happened to
sam while liam shows him his power by
killing the birds
which makes him realize the severity of
the situation
sam puts them in his shop temporarily
and gets rid of liam's car
as to not raise suspicion liam finds a
poster that looks like jane which says
that she's been missing for over a year
now
but under the picture writes a name that
is not hers
sam explains that jane has a twin sister
who went missing and was never
found jane tried obsessively to find her
but with no results
this prompted jane to remember that at
the night of the incident
she was going to commit suicide on the
bridge but liam stopped her and saved
her life
she tells liam about her new memories
and stating that they didn't know each
other beforehand
liam also remembers while looking at the
pictures on the calendar that they were
driving up north to a lake house that he
owns
just prior to the accident their
relationship grows closer but this puts
sam in an awkward situation
as he sees his wife sleeping on another
man's lap
on top of that the wife doesn't remember
a thing about her husband
and seems to always be on liam's side
which makes him go even crazier
personally if i was liam i would
probably get out of there before he
murders me in my sleep
things get even worse when liam decides
to go to the lake house with jane
while the wife tells her husband to stay
put like a good boy in the shop
this results in sam calling the police
on them he tries to get jane to leave
with him
but she obviously doesn't believe her
husband the officers put
sam in the police car against this will
while they arrest both
liam and jang putting them on the floor
although sam told the police to arrest
them together the officers proceeds to
separate them at their protest
and eventually result in everyone around
liam dying immediately
liam tries to save the last officer but
he rushes forward
killing himself they get sam out of the
car
and the husband finally realizes that he
made a big mistake
he tells them to leave while he stays
and tries to exonerate both of them to
the local police
liam feels personally responsible for
all the people who died back there
while jane tries to convince him that
it's not his fault
the two stops in the gas station for
supplies and sees on the news that the
lightning strike which hit them
apparently came from outer space which
adds more mystery to what really
happened
as they drive off to their location a
car quietly follows them from behind
they finally arrive at the cabin up
north and liam decides to go on the lake
to help him remember his past memories
while jane stays behind while looking
around
jane finds a burnt notebook in the
fireplace and proceeds to look inside
she finds a collection of missing
posters all young women from this town
with the last one being her twin sister
they both began remembering what
actually happened that night
liam is actually a serial killer who
dumped her sister's body in the lake
he tried to drug jang as well but she
resisted
causing them to crash into the ditch
beside the road
both of them makes out of the car and
just when liam decides to go after jain
a lightning strikes between them causing
a huge force field to appear
which gave them their abilities but also
caused them to lose their memories
jane brings the rifle and points at her
sister's killer
she tells liam to kneel down but finds
herself unable to pull the trigger
at the man who she had feelings for just
moments ago
she demands to know where her sister is
to which liam points to the lake with
guilt
she screams at liam telling him to walk
towards the lake while she shoots him
but the main character finds it hard to
kill himself
you can tell that liam also feels
terrible but helpless at the realization
of what his previous self did
without other choice jane takes him back
to the cabin
but they're surrounded by a group of men
who seeks revenge from liam
for killing their loved ones he runs
away from the group
trying to kill them to save jane but she
shouts for him to stop
liam backs away slowly causing two of
them to die
immediately jane runs at this
opportunity
but gets shot by the third man liam runs
towards the shooter and kills him as
well
he rushes to jane only to see her
suffering with the gun wound
and quickly decides to bring her to the
hospital as the doctors take jane to the
emergency room
liam watches her from afar knowing that
he can't be with her anymore
he decides to take his own life to save
everyone else from dying
jane cries as she hears the gunshot from
a distance
[Music]
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
[Music]
you